Good
morning. You're back
live.
Hi. We're going to keep working on this
release today. I think we're actually
going to start running some of the
experiments. Uh, and we're actually
going to start getting close to final
results
now is the plan.
getting just a little bit of a late
start
today because we're reviewing contri
contributions to Puffer 11 until I don't
know 11
something. Switch this
over and uh we will get
started. This stuff is cool.
literally working on this stuff right
now. All
right. So, what we're going to start
with today,
uh, I've gotten some feedback here on
how to get this,
uh, this environment working. I'll show
off the environment first because it's a
really
cool
environment. Okay, so it's this it's
like this factoryesque bring resources
to converters. Converters change
resources to other resources. So on and
so forth
environment going to see if we can get
this running. We've now we have set
state-of-the-art on this environment
before uh with puffer
lab, but the environment's updated and
there are some bugs
This gym is
uh My private training
facility is for training agents and
training myself as well as my family.
[Applause]
They say I should install the whole
freaking
meta. Okay.
This is pretty
annoying. I can technically I could try
it this way.
Yeah. So, I don't have a UV on this box
yet.
The thing is it runs
training but you can get these like
invalid action spam nonsense.
I mean, this seems like an end bug to
me. What's this invalid action? Can I
like find this in Um,
What the heck is this thing,
man? I shouldn't be using this network
of
theirs. How the hell is
this? Like, I have my own policy.
Right.
Okay, we're definitely going to get this
thing to run
today. These are good. Like, this is a
good speed. It's just there's some like
glitchy stuff happening with this end.
Oops.
All right. So, we'll see how this
goes. Best thing about the mornings here
is
uh we have orios and bluebirds right
outside. Very nice.
Let's figure out what uh what things are
left to do
still for the release. And uh I think I
just need to get back in the mindset of
running all the uh the new experiments.
So, why don't we try to get the new
container on um one of the other
boxes and start seeing if we can get the
experiments running from there. I think
that would be
ideal. Upper box
zero.
Let's pop our puffer box here.
Yeah.
So, this should be 3.0.
So, this will pull this image
down and we will see if we can get the
uh box running on the latest code. In
the
meantime, it's kind of just like a short
morning stream before breakfast to like
collect my uh my thoughts, get ready for
all the experiments we're going to do
today.
Okay, so this does actually run for
now show anything. This is
sketchy. This doesn't get do too well,
but I think that that's the M, not our
code. We've got
Breakout. We definitely would like
breakout to be doing a little better.
Let's just see if very quickly if I can
figure out why
uh why this is worse.
Not this one.
This
one. It's actually been a while since
we've had the
um the really good solve, it seems.
Oh, you know what it is? I know what it
is. So, this is like 22 21
seconds. See if we have any better. And
I think it's the clip coefficient.
This is 24 seconds.
Okay, so now we're at like 20 second
solve
here. This UI like this UI for being
like advertising itself as being very
high perf is
like I mean this is pathetic.
Okay, so this is the run that had the 17
seconds solve. What I wanted to do real
quick before breakfast was just get a
sense of what was different. I'm pretty
sure it's just going to be the clip
factor. Okay, so we've got pretty dang
high learning rates.
This one actually has substantially
higher learning rates, interesting
enough.
Gamma. Oh, did I change the um did I
change frame skip or
no frame skip is set to four.
I think I made it
configurable, but I
did. That could have changed some stuff
quite
substantially.
Lambda
pox. These are all like reasonable
looking.
64 Horizon
Horizon
M. This
is quite a few more time
steps. Yeah, this is quite a few more
time steps. Now, this has mini batches
of 16 or
32k. 32. Yeah, these are still fine.
Let's see
SPS. Okay, so this is getting logged
wrong because it's logging SPS at the
end.
I suspect that the clip coefficient
is going to be the the kicker
here. So the value function clip
coefficient you see here I have it
tapped to 0.1 and here it's at 0.01.
01 M is two veum M is two or four. Okay,
so I think that we got to just rerun
with
that just to
see. See how
our is going.
RPS
up. Okay. So, now we're going to have
the driver problem.
You Yes.
Now I see
570. We do 570
open. And that should be it.
and then we will see.
Uh only annoying thing is that this
machine is not a good one to run um
breakout on because you want to run the
speed test on this the fastest
machine. We have other things to run
though, don't we?
We know mazes works
now. We kind of just want like ablations
and
things. Well, there are a few different
things. We need snake to work again.
Something wrong with
snake. A lot of these m can be solved
very quickly.
I think we should kind of just set up
sweeps for
everything. And may maybe what I do is I
move this meta sweep onto
um I'm going to actually like just let
this see if this runs. And then I'm
going to move this sweep onto here. I'm
going to set up this other machine
uh for our like high perf
sweeps. It'll be good.
your system has God damn it.
That's a pain.
I don't know how secure boot gets on all
these damn
machines. It seems like certain things
end up resetting it because I always
turn it off.
Happy Friday to you as well.
I don't know why the hell it's updating
the kernel.
Let's hope this
works. If uh this doesn't work, I'm
going to have to have this machine
shipped to me, which I was going to do
anyways, but have to do it early. But I
won't have it for testing, which will
suck. I might just spin up some VMs
today for all these experiments. You
know, that might be just a smart thing
to
do. A second to
reboot. Let's see if I can do that.
Um, what's like the really cheap
1590 fast,
right? One X 5090.
These are not bad. I should probably
just do this a bunch today.
Um, if if it works on uh it's like a
standard pack like a standard package,
there's no reason it shouldn't just work
out of the box.
If like pietorrch and random like if
pietorch and other standard stuff
works. What the heck even is
that? This actually a
thing. That's funny as hell.
Okay. It's like an
experimental. That's funny as
hell. I had no idea. I thought it I
thought it was like some random
Dro. It's funny.
Where'd my uh my term go?
Yeah, that's super annoying that that's
just not going to work,
huh? Well, I had to run for breakfast. I
will be back right after and we will be
doing exper